---
year: 2018
number: "02"
type: academic project
description: board game
categories: ["product design", "Infographics"]
name: RISK – conquering of the submerged world
lang: en
images: ["cover", "hdg1", "hdg2", "hdg3"]
---
The goal of this project was to redesigning the board game Risk. The mandatory requirement was to facilitate the interaction between the players and all the components of the game (box, board, pieces, ...).

Thus, the game box was designed to occupy as little space as possible and to contain the elements, preventing them from spreading through the box. Care has also been taken to create a box that allow to easily take the elements out of its interior.

The pieces’ boxes were created with separators for each type of piece (which facilitates the preparation of the game and the plays of each player) and also contain information about the equivalence of the pieces (important information so the rhythm of the game is not broken). The board contains a texture associated with the color of each continent to facilitate visual recognition.

The major challenge of this project was the design of the rules. Being a complex game, the rules are difficult to understand and boring to read, undermining the leisure time of the game users. For this reason, the rules have been designed in a step-by-step logic to guide during the plays, allowing players to start playing from the first minute. The rules were also illustrated with images and examples, facilitating the understanding of the rules, and with flowcharts that facilitate decision making during the game.
